[drumbeat]
MARISHA: Let's see here. Eyy! There's people!
MATT: It's working now?
MARISHA: It is working!
MATT: All right!
MATT and MARISHA: Tweeted it out.
MARISHA: Hi guys!
MATT: Hello everyone!
MARISHA: Hello!
MATT: Random impromptu road trip chaos!
MARISHA: Yes, sort of random impromptu road trip
chaos. I apologize if we lose you at any point
because we don't have a lot of service sometimes
driving through the hills of California.
MATT: The California hills that hate driving and
phone, apparently. I don't know.
MARISHA: Yes. All of those things. Yeah. We were
kind of bored. I guess not that bored.
MATT: I wasn't bored. She was bored.
MARISHA: No! That's not true at all! I'm not
bored. We have done this drive a few times,
though.
MATT: Yeah. It's a really pretty drive when it's
during the day. All the pretty stuff we'd get--
MARISHA: Well, let me see-- there we go. It's
pretty. It's a nice pretty sunset right now, look
at that! West coast, best coast.
MATT: At times and places. East coast, best coast:
other times and places.
MARISHA: Yeah. You've got the mountains. So yeah.
There's Matt. Yeah.
MATT: (silly groaning)
MARISHA: Making faces while driving as always.
Yeah.
MATT: (singing) Sweet charity!
(music)
MARISHA: These clouds-- look at that! Look at
those clouds in the distance. May-- get some rain.
MATT: (singing) Poison from a cup of gold, your
gift keeps on giving
MARISHA: We don't really have anything to talk
about right now.
MATT: (singing) And giving!
MARISHA: Is this Mister Bungle?
MATT: Yeah, it is Mister Bungle. (singing) Perfect
photographs on Everest days and postcard nights.
WAZE: Police reported ahead.
MATT: Police reported ahead.
MARISHA: Traffic!
MATT: Traffic's not too bad so far. That's not
true. It's been expected for the day before
Thanksgiving. There's been that.
MARISHA: There's traffic now, which you can see.
You got to wait for it.
MATT: You're just going to-- actual drive is.
MARISHA: There we go. This is when it gets fun
because we get to-- two lanes, three lanes, and
then any time there's a wreck, it completely stops
all traffic.
MATT: Yeah.
MARISHA: And there's nothing you can do, and
there's no roads around it. But it does look
really ominous. I'm just going to keep showing
people the clouds because-- funny. Oh no! It was
an accident.
MATT: (Strongbad voice) Driving on the wrong way.
MARISHA: I'm like those people!
MATT: You are!
MARISHA: I know! Filming an accident.
MATT: You're terrible.
MARISHA: I'm one of them!
MATT: Everyone else doing good? Everyone else
enjoying their pre-Thanksgiving chaos, hopefully
out of work early?
MARISHA: There's a camper. Look at that! Look at
that camper! The Bounder. Uh-huh. There's some
mountains. That house. Someone lives out there.
MATT: Heck yeah.
MARISHA: That's what always, like, look at this.
There's nothing around, we've been-- like an hour
outside of the city. There's been outside of town.
That person is an hour outside of civilization.
MATT: Yeah.
MARISHA: No matter--
MATT: For some people, that's the perfect escape.
I couldn't function like that for a long time, but
heck man, some people are just done with inner
city life. You're like waking up and this is
outside your window. That makes sense to me.
MARISHA: Yeah. I like to do that for a few days
out of the year.
MATT: It depends on where you are in your life,
too. In the later years, you might enjoy it more,
I don't know. Anyway.
MARISHA: That makes sense.
MATT: I have not seen the Civil War trailer yet. I
have not had time. I want to. I probably will
tonight, I guess, when we get there.
MARISHA: Yeah, I guess.
MATT: For those who haven't seen the awesome gif
that went up today of Marisha dropping her pencil
during last game. It was one of my favorite gifs
of the internet. Well done, Critical Role--
MARISHA: Sometimes you forget that you're
on-camera. Is this Pogo?
MATT: That was Pogo, yeah.
MARISHA: Wait, turn it up. Okay, so there's this
DJ. DJ, I guess? Music artist guy. Who makes--
MATT: Think he's Australian, he's a very young
guy. He made a whole album of songs mixed from
audio clips and beats and stuff mixed together
from the original Disney Alice in Wonderland. It's awesome.
MARISHA: Yeah, the Disney mixes. He does Disney
mixes, and he also does Skyrim mixes.
MATT: His Skyrim mix is awesome.
MARISHA: Yeah, love his Skyrim mix! So great. This
is one of the Alice in Wonderland mixes, which is amazing.
[music with heavy drum beat]
MATT: I'm seeing a bunch of questions.
MARISHA: I'm just going to mix the music instead.
I'm sure people have questions, but music.
MATT: Marisha learns eventually to Periscope
properly.
MARISHA: Hey, Periscope isn't necessarily about
answering questions, though, right?
MATT: No.
MARISHA: Right now, I am making this Periscope
about Pogo.
MATT: I know.
MARISHA: Because I want to because it's my
Periscope and I'm allowed. These people tuned
in, so they're going to have to listen to us talk
about Pogo for a second.
MATT: I should go to the Skyrim one.
MARISHA: Yeah, go to the Skyrim one. Oh hello from
San Diego, hello from everyone on the west coast.
Yes, Pogo. Here's--
[drum beat with assorted tweeting and sound
effects]
MATT: All different sound effects and character
sounds.
MARISHA: All from Skyrim. It's amazing. And it's
awesome and-- around here?
["Skyrim Symphony" continues playing]
♪ Take what you need. ♪
MATT: (singing) It's yours for a day.
♪ Take it. ♪
MATT: (singing) Odds and ends. That sort of
thing.
♪ Then I took an arrow to the knee. Keep the
song-- May Talos guide you. Staying out of
♪ trouble. You stand and hide. The mill here. Just
as the Greybeards. ♪
MATT: (singing) As the Dovahs do.
MARISHA: It's so good! These clouds--
MATT: The clouds are crazy! This is so crazy:
we're getting weather in southern California! I
love weather so much, and we never see any weather
down here.
♪ As the Dovahs do. Staying out of trouble. You
stand and hide. The mill here. Just as the
♪ Greybeards. As the Dovahs do. ♪
(music continues)
MARISHA: People are: You didn't voice anything in
Skyrim. No, you haven't done--
MATT: No, unfortunately, no, not yet. Technically,
you can't say anything. No, I was not in Skyrim,
made me sad. I want to get in a big Elder Scrolls
franchise at some point. My friend, Michael Gough,
who you guys would know him as the voice of
Deckard Cain in Diablo, as well as a bunch of
other things, he's one of the main Norn-- not
Norn. Fucking. The--
MARISHA: The human people.
MATT: The Norse folk in Elder Scrolls. My brain's
not working right now. You hear in that one, "It's
yours for a day," that sort of hint of a Norwegian
he keeps around for all his characters for this
franchise. He's all over Skyrim. I based a lot of
my "Norwegian dialect" off of him.
MARISHA: Nords!
MATT: Nords, thank you! I was like, "Norn, nords,
too many variations."
MARISHA: Thank you, person.
MATT: You're awesome.
MARISHA: Nords.
MATT: He's all over this song, so I got to send
him the MP3 of this song and he was like, "Wait,
"what?! There's a song with my voice from Skyrim?!"
He was really excited about that.
MARISHA: Funny.
MATT: It's so crazy! These clouds are awesome!
MARISHA: (laughs) Someone asked if we keep
soundproofing foam in our car. So not normally. We
just bought a new sound booth, like a portable
sound booth, and we transported the booth and just
shoved the booth in the corner in the garage for
right now because we haven't had time to actually
set it up. We put up a bunch of extra foam that
goes inside the booth in the backseat and haven't
had time to get it out. So now it's coming to San
Francisco with us!
MATT: Yay!
MARISHA: Yay! Let's go on a roadtrip, foam! You
and me, foam! You and me, foam, bffs for life!
MATT: Foam makes best companion.
MARISHA: Foam, you're awesome, man.
MATT: Travels light.
MARISHA: It does.
MATT: It's absorbent.
MARISHA: Nice to cuddle with. Foam's great. We are
now under the cloud that we were driving into.
Hang on. There it goes. Yeah, look at that! Looks
like we're driving into Mordor!
MATT: One does not simply drive into Mordor. Not
with 10,000 men could you do this. It is sheer folly.
MARISHA: All we have are some fucking eels.
MATT: I think they cut that scene out of the
movie.
MARISHA: Yeah. For those asking, I have family in
San Francisco and Oakland area.
MATT: That I've never met.
MARISHA: That Matt's never met. He's going to get
to see some of my crazy cousins and my crazy
California aunt and uncle. Yeah.
MATT: I get to show you Port Simpson, which you
haven't been to.
MARISHA: Yeah, get to do a little bit of--
MATT and MARISHA: (singing)
Da-n-da-da-n-da-n-da-da
MATT: (singing) --and here I am, the only living
boy in New York. (spoken) Easier when they're
Simon and Garfunkel songs.
MARISHA: Simon and Garfunkel are great. Let's see.
What else? Yes, Meghan, we got your email,
congratulations on everything. That's great. Keep
up the good work. Know that we don't always have
time to necessarily respond to everyone, but we do
try and read everyone's messages. So thank you so
much! Yes, I'm pretty sure Liam did break Twitch
on Thursday. It got dark! It got dark so fast! We
drove under a raincloud and it got visibly darker
in here!
MATT: This is really cool.
MARISHA: It's so crazy!
MATT: Pitch black. We drove into some Stephen King
novel. That'd be bad. (evil laugh)
MARISHA: It's great because the brake lights lit
up right as that happened, so you had a nice red glow.
MATT: Yes, it did! (evil laugh)
MARISHA: So good!
MATT: (deep voice) Welcome to Bakersfield!
MARISHA: (laughs)
MATT: Bakersfield and Fresno: both as ominous as
this looks right now, by the way, for those who
haven't been there.
MARISHA: Yeah. Bakersfield!
MATT: No!